Update module directories to be within their focus directory (#58)
WordPress/performance: docs/Writing-a-module.md

## Module requirements

* The production code for a module must all be located in a directory `/modules/{focus}/{module-slug}` where `{module-slug}` is the module's slug and `{focus}` is the focus area: an identifier of a single focus (e.g. `images`). This should correspond to a section on the performance plugin's settings page. [See the `perflab_get_focus_areas()` function for the currently available focus areas.](../admin/load.php#L161)

> * The entry point file must be called `load.php` and per the above be located at `/modules/{focus}/{module-slug}/load.php`.

Reviewer: This change has to also be made in a few other places in this file, e.g. in the tests instructions and also in the location for the demo file. Please double-check to ensure they are all updated.

Author: 👍🏼  I wasn't sure we wanted to change test structure as well; will update

    * `Description`: Brief description of the module (comparable to `Description` for plugins). It will be displayed next to the module name on the performance plugin's settings page.
    * `Experimental`: Either `Yes` or `No`. If `Yes`, the module will be marked as explicitly experimental on the performance plugin's settings page. While all modules are somewhat experimental (similar to feature plugins), for some that may apply more than for others. For example, certain modules we would encourage limited testing in production for, where we've already established a certain level of reliability/quality, in other cases modules shouldn't be used in production at all.
* The module must neither rely on any PHP code from outside its directory nor on any external PHP code. If relying on an external PHP dependency is essential for a module, the approach should be evaluated and discussed with the wider team.
* The module must use the `performance-lab` text domain for all of its localizable strings.
* All global code structures in the module PHP codebase must be prefixed (e.g. with a string based on the module slug) to avoid conflicts with other modules or plugins.

> * All test code for a module (e.g. PHPUnit tests) must be located in a directory `/tests/modules/{focus}/{module-slug}` where `{module-slug}` is the module's slug (i.e. the same folder name used above).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* All test code for a module (e.g. PHPUnit tests) must be located in a directory `/tests/modules/{focus}/{module-slug}` where `{module-slug}` is the module's slug and `{focus}` is the focus area (i.e. the same folder names used above).
```

## Example

> The following is a minimum module entry point file `/modules/focus/my-module/load.php` (i.e. the module slug is "my-module"):

Reviewer: Nit-pick, but maybe put an actual focus here such as `images`, to clarify we shouldn't just arbitrarily define focuses this way. This is different for the module slugs which can be any name.
```suggestion
The following is a minimum module entry point file `/modules/images/my-module/load.php` (i.e. the module slug is "my-module", and the focus is "images"):
```
